hey guys it's Fonzie would dip your car
calm today what we're gonna be going
over is the metalizer
the silver and the gold metal Iser have
had a lot of requests to do a project
with these so what I'm gonna do is show
you what it is basically what it's made
of and what it does to an already classy
did project I'm sitting here next to my
freshly Plasti Dip matte gray b8 s4 I've
had a lot of requests to show that on
video as well so at the end of the
project for those who want to stick
around or just take a quick video tour
of how the s4 came out so we're gonna
take a wheel we're gonna Plasti Dip it
matte black and then we're gonna do the
silver and gold metal Iser is over it
just to show you guys how it works okay
we've got our wheel here it's got an
original matte black finish to it and
what i'm gonna do is go ahead and spray
this silver metalizer hope you guys can
see the effect of it it covers extremely
quickly so when you're doing a project
like this double check after your first
coat to see if you even want any more
coats because it really does lay down
the middle flake quickly
now as you can see it's still wet címon
dry yet and I'm sure you guys can tell
there's a specific metal flake that is
now added to the matte Plasti Dip okay I
flipped the wheel around now I just did
silver I'm gonna do gold now I
personally think that the gold is just a
little bit cooler than the silver the
reason why is the gold affects the black
specifically to the point where it shows
almost a bronzing type effect this is
only with one coat and I'm sure you guys
can see the difference there's almost a
blackish bronze finish on the wheel now
actually comes out really cool if that's
the finish you're looking for ok guys so
here is our wheel half dipped in silver
metal Iser half dipped in gold metalizer
over a matte black original plastidip
finish you can see the gold really does
affect the color and finish of the
Plasti Dip a lot more significantly than
the silver does but it really depends on
what you're looking for
here's your gold and here's your silver
this will give that GTR gunmetal ish
metal flake and this is gonna give a
bronzing effect actually pretty cool
okay guys that was our project
showcasing what the silver and what the
gold metal Iser x' will do to original
black plastidip I'm gonna give it that
glossy coating and obviously you're
gonna get either a metallic bronze
finish with the gold or that sparkly
silver finish on with the silver
metalizer this the metalizer x' and the
gloss afire as well as all the other
plastic projects are available act if
your car comm I've done the research I'm
a car enthusiast like you guys are so
I've made sure to put the prices as low
as physically possible so low
you can find out there if you have any
questions you can email me directly at
Fonzi at dip your car calm I'm very
responsive to customer emails I usually
get back to you guys within about an
hour
regardless of the day or time so keep
those emails coming I'm gonna keep the
videos and tutorials coming check out
dip your car Kampf or anything you need
Plasti Dip for your car and i'm gonna do
a quick walk around to show you guys how
the Matt gray Plasti Dip came out on the
s4 alright this is uh the finished
product of my Matt gray s4 it's kind of
that f-22 fighter jet color as you can
see it's very smooth very consistent
we've got a really good finish with this
and what I do with these custom Plasti
Dip colors as I mix them down to a
really specific consistency so that it
comes out of a spray gun and then it
actually really falls and and settles
with a very smooth finish you can see
the light kind of coming off of it it
really did come out very well we've got
the supercharged badges that are cut out
perfectly as you know Plasti Dip works
really well with those badges we've got
black classy tip on the mirror caps
obviously we've got black plastic upon
our wheels the project came out really
good